rgw: delete zone/pools for multisite configuation (#10728)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Object-Storage/ceph-object-store-crd.md

1. An event will be registered on the CephObjectStore resource
1. A status condition will be added to the CephObjectStore resource
1. An error will be added to the Rook Ceph Operator log

> If the CephObjectStore is belong to multisite setup the above conditions are applicable to stores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the CephObjectStore belongs to a multisite setup the above conditions are applicable to stores
```

> If the CephObjectStore is configured in a [multisite setup](TODO:LINK_TO_MULTISITE_DOC) the above conditions are applicable only to stores that belong to a single master zone.

Reviewer 2: Link?
